DAZHI PENG: Hi, Jeffrey, and you need let's talk about the data scripting project that you back to policy. This project coming along.
Jeffrey Feng: Hey, Dodgy. We are a bit stuck with scraping some of the websites on our list. Some of them are dynamic, and I couldn't get the data we need.
Yooni Choi: Yeah, and i'm new to this task, so I was wondering if you could help us out.
DAZHI PENG: Of course I will be happy to help it's specifically to you need help with.
Jeffrey Feng: Well, many websites seem dynamic, so I was not able to figure out what to do to scrape them.
Jeffrey Feng: I used a few python libraries, but they are not returning me. What I want
DAZHI PENG: have you already in the
Jeffrey Feng: I have not.
DAZHI PENG: It's a software testing room of used to your automated web browsers. It can similarly use the interactions with the website and of all the testing to check for error
DAZHI PENG: performance issues and functionality. Try for some of the website you are talking about.
Jeffrey Feng: Sure.
Jeffrey Feng: Jeffrey's first action item will be to read beautiful Soup's documentation, then
DAZHI PENG: you mean a documentation.
Jeffrey Feng: Oh, yeah, Oops, Sorry I meant the selenium documentation.
Yooni Choi: So, Jeffrey, have you been using the beautiful soup library?
Jeffrey Feng: Yes, that's one of the Python libraries that I've been using.
Yooni Choi: I kept having installation issues I don't know what is the issue. My python version might be too old.
Jeffrey Feng: I'll help you with that. I guess another of Jeffrey's action items will be to help you with price on issues.
Yooni Choi: Actually, I want to help with installation issues. I don't think it is really the python thing.
Jeffrey Feng: Oh, okay, I'll help you with that, then. nonetheless, could you update your python environment before that as another action? Item.
Yooni Choi: that'd be great. Thank you. Is that really necessary? Though
Jeffrey Feng: the latest version of Python may have fixed for the issue you're having. If you're using a older version of Python, it is possible that a bug has been fixed in a new version.
Yooni Choi: Oh, I see. Sure, let's do what you said.
DAZHI PENG: Well, you are waiting for Jeffrey to help you. I think you can ready into the selenium's documentation to actually, I
Yooni Choi: I have not finished to be those beautiful soup part. Can I first start with something more relevant?
DAZHI PENG: Oh, yeah, sure, really beautiful soup's documentation. There, good Jeffrey, would you send me the link to your kid Up, grandchild? Another action, Icon.
Jeffrey Feng: I have not created a Github branch yet
DAZHI PENG: this is not good. Create a Github branch, so we can track the progress of this project first.
Jeffrey Feng: Sure, I can do that.
DAZHI PENG: Another action for both of you that I have listed all people in the meeting.
DAZHI PENG: Jeffrey, and a unique is to report the progress to me sometime today.
DAZHI PENG: I thought you guys can email me. But it looks like you guys are not not ready yet.
Jeffrey Feng: That's true. Sorry about that.
Yooni Choi: We can report the progress to you by next week, though. Is that good for you?
DAZHI PENG: No, by tomorrow
Jeffrey Feng: we can give a try.
Yooni Choi: Sounds good to me, Jeffrey. Could we schedule a meeting later? So you can explain your code to me. I want to make sure I understand it.
Jeffrey Feng: No, I do not have any previous call, but I can still schedule a meeting with you
DAZHI PENG: you need. Do you also want to do the recordings for the previous? I might be too busy with this Week's Project
DAZHI PENG: all right, great. And for that just I try to. He will also add some new members to the team to help with this project.
DAZHI PENG: I will send you off in a week.
Jeffrey Feng: Actually, i'm not sure if this is necessary.
Yooni Choi: Yeah, are you sure about that?
DAZHI PENG: Well, I agree that it it might not be necessary, but the progress has been slow. No, I have enough budget. We can afford to do that.
DAZHI PENG: although i'm not sure if I can even find someone.
DAZHI PENG: I will still put this on My. let's do one more using new members to the team. Does that sound good?
Jeffrey Feng: Sure, I understand.
Yooni Choi: Thanks, Dr.